Update README to show how to run mario (#5)
muschellij2/mario: README.Rmd

)
```

# mario Package:

The goal of `mario` is to create automatically create videos from a Google slides.
Whatever is written in the speaker notes section of the Google slides will be read in the video.

If you update the slides, all you need to do is re-run `mario` to update the video.

## Installation

You can install `mario` from GitHub with:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("jhudsl/mario")
```

## Example

Before you can run `mario`, you will need two things:
1) An API Key and
2) Your Google slide ID that you'd like to translate into a video.

### Get and set the API Key

> You will need access to the mario RSConnect and you'll need to obtain an API token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need access to the mario RSConnect through your institution. For example, JHU users will login at https://rsconnect.biostat.jhsph.edu/connect/. Once there, you'll need to obtain an API token.
```

It is called `CONNECT_API_KEY`. You can call it something else, but this is the name that the api key functions below use by default, e.g.:

`mario_auth(api_key = Sys.getenv("CONNECT_API_KEY"))`

Now to test if your API key has been set up correctly, run this:
```
if (mario_have_api_key()) {
  mario_api_key()
}
```
If it is set up correctly, if should repeat back to you your API key.

### Get your Google Slide ID

If you have a google slide set, you can obtain the google slide set ID from the URL:
`https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/**presentationId**/edit`

Your [Google slides permissions](https://artofpresentations.com/give-permissions-on-google-slides/) must be set to `Anyone with link can view`
For testing purposes, we've included a set of [test slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sFsRXfK7LKxFm-ydib5dxyQU9fYujb95katPRu0WVZk/edit#slide=id.p) you can use to practice.

## Running Mario

```{r}
# Google slide ID
id <- "1sFsRXfK7LKxFm-ydib5dxyQU9fYujb95katPRu0WVZk"

# Run mario!
res <- mario::mario(id,
  voice = "en-US-Wavenet-F")

# Write the video
mario::mario_write_video(
  res
  file = file.path())
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Mario will print a file path to the newly rendered video in the console.
```
